I made 33
651 in one single day selling my own
product on Shopify at 59 profit if
you're watching this video I'm sure you
already know what Drop Shipping is and
have an idea of where I'm going with
this video but I have a little bit of a
Twist that I think helps me separate
myself from the rest of the
quote-unquote drop shippers I'm gonna
tell you in brief how I did it and the
steps you can take to do it as well now
there's a ton of people I won't say who
that pushes fake narrative in which you
pick a product set up a website post a
few videos and suddenly a Lambo
magically appears buy Lamborghini and
you become a millionaire just like them
I hate to break it to you but it's just
not that easy
foreign
so let's start from the beginning on
exactly what I did if I can sum this up
firstly what I did was I saw a product
on a Facebook ad that I thought I could
sell so I created my own website and
started to post organic content onto
Tick Tock and Instagram reels while
simultaneously running Instagram and
Facebook ads I continue to test the
product and I saw a bit of success and
at that point I've been selling the
product consistently for about a few
months so I saw that there was some
potential to eventually build out a
brand to attain longevity there were
other competitors but they were selling
exactly what I was selling no white
labeling simply acting as a middleman
from AliExpress to the customer so what
I did was one get in contact with the
manufacturer of the product so I can get
custom packaging and better pricing as I
plan to buy in both quantities to be
shipped to the US and fulfilled to where
most of my customer base lies but the
twist here is that I significantly
improved upon the product and made it to
the product itself looked completely
different to when people saw this
product it had my own custom packaging
over it a different appearance and
improved performance now that the new
product was manufactured and sent to the
US I sent over these packages to
influencers to make ugc user generated
content with all these iPhone videos
from influencers it was just a matter of
having my editors make short content
showcasing the product for tick tock
Instagram reels and YouTube shorts and
in day one of posting the video on Tick
Tock it went viral and within 24 hours
my brand had accumulated 33
651.41 in rep a culmination of
implementing the custom packaging
changing the variant look improving on
the quality of the product and
influencer ugc resulted in the success
of the drop so now let's talk how you
can do it the most important thing is to
start your journey with a product that
will help you get your foot in the door
and entry point or a platform to build
this brand that will allow you to expand
upon it through community building and
product Edition start by ordering the
test products then post user generated
Tick Tock videos onto your dedicated
tick tock page remember to be as
consistent as possible then to repurpose
all those tick tocks from your Tick Tock
page onto Instagram reels and after
you've gone viral and have proven that
the product sells on your Shopify store
you are already 50 of the way there and
what I've learned in the e-commerce
marketing advertising space is that if
you can simply get people to view your
stuff Garner attention and monetize it
you can basically sell anything and make
a lot of money getting in contact with a
reliable manufacturer is crucial for
being able to order at volume at
competitive pricing and of course
altering the product for improved
performance and customizations next
you'll need to search for Content
creators within a niche you could use a
tick tock search bar to find influencers
within your Niche so that you can go
ahead and sign on a commission deal or a
trial period with one of these
influencers but you need to get that ugc
user generated content for the new
product the next step is the editing
process to get your video seen to your
audience and you these platforms like
Fiverr or upwork to get these editors at
a price no more than thirty dollars for
a 15 second Tick Tock edited video keep
this in mind check out the videos within
your specific Niche and tell your
editors to make the videos as similar to
the ones that have previously gone viral
post the tick to talk then repurpose
those videos without the watermark onto
Instagram reels and YouTube shorts also
very important to ensure that your Tick
Tock and Facebook pixel are properly
integrated you can use a Chrome
extension for that just to see whether
or not you are properly tracking all
that data from posting the cons and for
the sake of the video I'm not going to
extend it to 40 minutes for teaching you
guys how to run Facebook ads step by
step because I've already covered that
for retargeting and single interest
targeting in my previous videos that you
can go ahead and watch so that was a lot
I get it but if you take each portion
step by step and perform them with
Precision you are going to do well Tick
Tock and Instagram are extremely
powerful platforms as we know but it's
just a matter of you using it towards
your advantage and constructing your own
little twist to differentiate yourself
from the rest of the pack I hope you
guys were able to get as much as you can
out of this analysis and if you enjoyed
this video please smash that like button
I'm finally in Budapest I'm gonna be
here for the next month in my Airbnb so
I got a lot of content in store for you
guys I appreciate you guys time and I'll
see you guys in the next video peace
thank you
[Music]